and remember when we had last year
on day
we take a total rest also by
all sites I'm going to take a
I'm fine
Water
there's no water
of water
and water
as I have seen it is a bit depressed and
so I say to please the
Pasadilla but what there is is work
the south can make you laugh I do not know why
did not have the companion this good man
milestone that looks that looks
the desert
we have another conversation topic of more
hot
let's eat that has prepared us
Draining the club like I'm suffocating I do not know what
it will be from the heat but we will see
exquisite delicacy as it has behaved
Lieutenant happened more
good a little anchovy
nothing
polvorones
do not
a chilly rose that would not come
nothing wrong an rebequita Matica
one of the two
the night
please maker can you make me some
sounds like this suggestive for example
shines
to see how well you sell
cri cri cri creo cri cri cri
they are under the crickets that do not let me
sleep go character we have a
joke
I watch out
because it's open for the four
boats we bring
so he has thrown me a little because I do
a March
they are look 2 right now it will not take away
nobody to loose good leg we're going to
throw him a little
total
to nobody
of marriages likewise a regiment
heavy agent and getting them west
hospital
ay ay ay today you have brought the
crochet needles
then a snake bites me
take a mirage no no no a
mirage because mirages cut
a snake sting
they are very lethal
yes yes it is beautiful that today has no true
fly and you have to touch me I tell you
what there is then something must be done
because I tell him the encyclopedia
British that the snake to the desert
itchy and it starts to go up a tingling
It starts to go crazy and you die are very
poisonous
I do not know and I've also read that one of a
person
his father does not spit it out and he is saved if I
he has also read it
you are right
I do not know something to do
I do not know I do not want to bother but because
I also think it's poison this acts
very fast you see that it does a lot
hurry
it can turn from losing the judgment
well, because if there was
chopped to me very easy but if you apply
to you
Well, I'm going to see where the pike goes today
better with a little luck I bring you
if not have a maximum life not
There was going to be done by flying
well then I do not know I do not know I almost already
to prolong this agony I'm going to
die good have or have already started to turn
crazy and already begins to see mirages and I see
I see terrible images of a spectrum
I see freshwater shellfish
and well, I do not know
What can we do
I do not know if something good buries me
I can not even understand it here
put a cross with the helmet of these of
Soldier or some flowers or whatever you want
let it pass with the wind this of a
week is left with nothing without luxuries or
nothing nothing you put a paper with
ballpoint pen here is this not for a
stone out there
good, well, it's worth it, it's a
pity that this story has so much
mortality because it has a 50 of
mortality and then maybe I think
that will have up to the time with a
bit of bad luck with a little bad
good luck at least 50%
it stains
me while I go to sleep to beheaded
an army in the shelter of this one maite
in the desert of cold it is hot by the
day and how cold at night what
unpleasant the snake and everything